81630 - Villa Timur (353877)
 TIRTARUM VILLAS Canggu Bali, Jl. Nelayan Gang Dolphin No.3, Canggu, Kec. Kuta Utara, Kabupatén Badung, Bali 80361, Indonesia
entire_home
4 Guests
2 Bedrooms
2 Beds
About this listing
Escape to this newly renovated 2-bedroom villa with modern comforts and tropical charm. Enjoy a cozy sunken living room, upgraded kitchen, and wood dining set. Both bedrooms have private ensuites. Relax by the private pool surrounded by greenery or stay connected with strong Wi-Fi. Ideal for families or small groups looking for a peaceful retreat. his stylish 2-bedroom villa blends modern comfort with tropical vibes. Enjoy the sunken lounge, spacious dining area, and fully equipped kitchen. Each bedroom sleeps two, plus there's a sofa for a fifth guest. The villa has one bathroom with a large tub, outdoor shower, hot water, and free bottled drinking water. Relax by the private pool, enjoy superfast Wi-Fi and Netflix, and walk to Echo Beach for surf and sun! Perfect for families or small groups. Parking is available and property can be accessed by any vehicle You have full access to the entire villa. There is a sunroom at the back and it's not fully decorated or ready for guests yet. We have a Guest communications team which will interact with you for assistance in inquiries. This villa is nestled in the vibrant Canggu area, close to Berawa and Echo Beaches, ideal for surfing and stunning sunsets. The neighborhood is a blend of laid-back charm and cosmopolitan vibes, featuring trendy cafes, vegan eateries, and popular spots like Finns Beach Club. Surrounded by lush rice paddies, it offers tranquility while being near Seminyak's nightlife. Perfect for those seeking relaxation, great food, and a vibrant community, it's a serene yet lively tropical escape. Conveniently situated in the Canggu part of Bali, this property puts you close to attractions and interesting dining options. Don't leave before paying a visit to the famous Sacred Monkey Forest Sanctuary. Just a three-minute walk from Canggu Beach on Nelayan Road, this spacious villa on a 350 sqm plot offers a prime location. Walk to nearby restaurants like Zin Café and the Body Factory for cold spas and workouts. Walkable places Nelayan Beach 120 m Canggu Beach 160 m Batu Balong 360 m Popular landmarks Seminyak Beach 3.1 km Kuta Beach 6.7 km Tanah Lot Temple 6.8 km Waterbom Bali 8.5 km Sanur Beach 14.2 km Nusa Dua Beach 17.6 km Uluwatu Temple 19.5 km Sacred Monkey Forest Sanctuary 20.9 km Campuhan Ridge Walk 22.0 km Tegallalang Rice Terrace 29.9 km Closest landmarks The Practice 600 m Old Man's Surf Break 690 m Berawa Beach 750 m Twenty nine degrees 760 m S2S CrossFit Center 780 m Alternative Beach 800 m Bali Climbing Bouldering Gym 830 m Watsons 850 m Finns Beach Club 960 m Deus Ex Machina Café 1.1 km Taxi, gojek and bike Please note that quiet hours begin at 10 PM. This is a self-catering villa, and cleaning is provided every 2 to 3 days between 11 AM and 2 PM on scheduled cleaning days. Please ensure the key is placed in the lockbox, as the cleaner may not have their own key. In the meantime, we have provided cleaning supplies for your use. Thank you.



The space
Accommodates: 4
Bathrooms: 1
Bathroom type: Private
Bedrooms: 2
Bed type:
Beds: 2
Property type: Villa
Room type: entire_home
Tags: 
Bali


Amenities
Wireless
Air conditioning
Swimming pool
Kitchen
Fire Extinguisher
Essentials
Shampoo
Iron
Laptop Friendly workspace
TV
Free parking
Suitable for children
Suitable for infants
Linens
Microwave
Electric kettle
Stove
Refrigerator
Garden or backyard
Private entrance
Extra pillows and blankets
Cooking basics
Luggage dropoff allowed
Long term stays allowed
Safe
Shower gel
Clothing storage
Blender
Wine glasses

Bed types
Queen Bed: 1
Queen Bed: 1

House rules
-

Special Instructions
-

Prices
Price: 2000000 IDR
Weekly Discount: -
Apply price for extra person for each guest after: 1
Cancellation: strict
Monthly Discount: -
Refundable Damage Deposit fee: 0
Price for extra person:  0
Property rent tax %: -
Fixed guest tax per-person, per-night: -
GFixed tax per reservation: -
Fixed nightly tax: -

License info
Property license number: -
Property license type: -
Property license issue date: -
Property license expiration date: -


Availability
1 nights minimum
View calendar

Other attributes
Door code: -
Star rating: -
Instant bookable: Yes
Instant bookable lead: -
Same day bookable lead time: 12:00
Wi-fi Username: -
Wi-fi Password: -
Person Capacity: 4
Checkin time start: 3:00pm
Checkin time end: 10:00pm
Checkout time: 12:00pm
Cleaning fee: 800000
Key pickup: -
Square Meters: -
Listing's cleanness status: Unknown
Mark cleanness status as dirty after guest's departure: No
Cleaning instruction: -

